[Music]
put garlic into the milk and lose weight
in a single night we spend long hours at
the gym well some of us say no to our
favorite foods and some brave people
even try plastic surgery to get the
perfect body what if we told you there
are remedies that can help you burn fat
while you are sleeping Brightside has a
short list of five natural drinks that
make you slimmer in your sleep garlic
and milk garlic and milk don't sound
like a good combination but they are
when it comes to burning stubborn fat
over night
garlic can help you with that because it
is rich in Allison type cooking
temperatures kill it but Alison lives
well in raw garlic which is good in our
case the second ingredient in this
magical drink is milk we are not talking
about cow's milk here we are using
almond or rice milk for this one
unsweetened almond milk contains 30
calories per cup garlic milk is an
effective fighter against intestinal
parasites and calm sciatica overnight
sciatica is a common type of pain which
affects the sciatic nerve you'll need
six garlic cloves raw garlic is way more
effective but you can use cooked garlic
if you fear the odor one glass of almond
milk or rice milk honey to sweeten the
drinks optional
use a garlic grinder to make a garlic
puree mix it with almond or rice milk
drink at least one glass of this remedy
a day if you want a stronger sciatica
relieving effect you should follow a
treatment routine at the same time and
not just solely rely on this drink as
for its weight loss powers the drink
will be doing a great job at waking up
your metabolism at night without any
extra help honey cinnamon drink honey
can speed up your metabolism and burn
off the stubbornest belly fat it is
sweet indeed but it has a healthier
glycemic index than sugar
and wisely using it won't lead to a
sugar rush it takes your good
cholesterol levels up which is great for
your body what about cinnamon well in
the time of the Roman Empire
cinnamon was so valuable it cost fifteen
times as much as silver it can regulate
blood sugar levels and is also known for
boosting metabolisms you will need two
teaspoons organic honey one teaspoon
organic cinnamon one cup of filtered
water the cinnamon has to go into a
large cup you have to boil the water
separately then add it to the cinnamon
and leave it for 15 minutes let the mix
cool down only then can you add honey to
it
see if you add honey to hot liquid it
will lose the important powers of
enzymes in it we're a better sex you
should take this drink twice a day
a cup in the morning and a second one
before going to bed on an empty stomach
however even one cup a day before going
to sleep will give you more energy and
speed up your metabolism overnight
ginger cucumber drink you are going to
love it's refreshing taste but more
importantly the effect it has on your
body
ginger fires up your metabolism lemon
flushes out the toxins and cucumbers are
rich in fiber which help digestion
parsley coriander and cilantro are super
low in calories but packed with
antioxidants and vitamins you'll need 1
cucumber 1 lemon 1 tbsp grated ginger
half a glass of water a bunch of parsley
cilantro or coriander in 1 tablespoon
aloe vera juice optional start off with
grating the ginger slice the lemons into
halves take cold or lukewarm water and
add all the remaining ingredients in a
blender bowl sliced cucumber parsley
cilantro or coriander grated ginger they
all go in and you squeeze the lemon
juice over them and blend them into one
mix if you don't have a blender you can
use a grinder instead filter the juice
and pour it into a jar take it every day
for a week before going to bed and you
will see positive changes in your body
shape it's okay to keep in the fridge
for up to two days
milk and nutmeg drink we normally think
of milk as something fattening however
the results of a research made public in
the European Journal of nutrition proved
that it is not necessarily so it was not
so in 11 out of 16 studies in fact if
you take it regularly milk can prevent
you from getting the extra fat you don't
need you will need 1 cup both that
organic cow's milk or non-dairy milk 1
to 2 tablespoons of honey 1/8 TSP grated
nutmeg a pinch heat the milk it has to
be lukewarm then add the honey and
grated nutmeg and mix them all this
drink has to be made right before you
take it don't keep it in the fridge or
elsewhere dandelion tea you must likely
know dandelion wine is a great novel by
Ray Bradbury but we bet you never
thought of dandelions as fat burners did
we guess right click the like button if
so dandelion is a superhero when it
comes to helping you get slimmer in
addition to all its medicinal properties
it can help you when you're feeling
bloated making the remedy out of it is
super easy you won't need its cute
little flowers of course what we are
looking for is dandelion root or leaves
if dandelions grow somewhere near your
house then is an easy fight if not you
can just buy what you need at the market
just add hot water to it and let it brew
it can become your regular 10 or 11
o'clock tea depending on when you go to
bed ginger and lime teeth from reducing
muscle pains to improving your heart
health treating indigestion and lowering
cholesterol levels ginger can do it all
when you add line to it in brew them as
a regular tea they make an excellent
fat-burning remedy
depending on how much tea you want to
make you can decide how much ginger to
take if you don't like it too spicy try
brewing around two inches of ginger and
a dash of lime just slice it and boil it
you can find your own perfect proportion
by trying different options which of
these remedies have you already tried
share your results in the comments
section below like this video if you
found it useful and click Subscribe to
join us on the bright side